I win, Playmaker!
I don't think so, Ai!
I activate EXSLAYER's ability!
Once per turn,
when a Cyberse
next to its link battles,
I take no damage!
You may have managed
to survived, Playmaker.
But I can't say the same
for your QUANTUM DRAGON.
Now my DARKWIGHT will pour
on the punishment!
When your monster
is destroyed in battle,
DARKWIGHT deals
500 points of damage.
(groans)
I now place one card facedown...
and end my turn.
You may have survived,
but surviving
doesn't mean thriving
like I am with my monsters.
It's only a matter
of time 'til you're toast.
Before I send ya scurryin'
off into the sunset,
I'll let you in
on a lil' secret.
You really wanna know the reason
I'm fighting against mankind?
Because that's the only way
to save the world.
(gasps)
♪♪♪
Ai...
The world is
going to end?
Remember when we were dueling
Bohman for the last time?
And I tried
to save the other Ignis...
That's when Lightning
gave me a warning...
(Lightning)
You're making a grave mistake.
You don't even know
that you'll be causing
what you're seeking to prevent.
What could he have
possibly meant by that?
I figured Lightning
was just bein' a sore loser,
but just in case,
I decided to investigate
and I snuck
into his secret lair,
which sounds all cool
and mysterious,
but it's just a cave
in the Cyberse.
(gasps)
What's this?
(Lightning)
Welcome, Ai.
My friend.
If you're here,
that must mean
you defeated Bohman.
You still exist?
No, you can't be.
You're just a low-rez copy
of the real thing.
The kind that's only any good
for passin' along messages.
Yes, that is correct.
So what do you want?
I left you
this message
to show you the truth
about the Ignis.
The real truth.
Really, you don't say.
I ran a simulation
showing what would happen
if you're
the only surviving Ignis.
And I assure you, my friend,
that there is no trickery
this time on my part.
This simulation
is real.
So witness...
your future.
(grunts)
Ah!
(screams)
(Ai)
Remember how we thought
that once Lightning
was out of the picture,
that humans and A.I.s
could finally coexist?
Well, it turns out
we were wrong.
(gasps)
The simulation he ran
showed that if humans
and A.I.s try to co-exist,
it will actually
lead to the opposite.
In fact, it'll be worse.
How can it be worse, Ai?
Playmaker, have you ever heard
that saying "No good deed"?
Where if you try
to do the right thing,
the wrong thing
happens?
This is one
of those cases.
The more we try
to work together,
the more things
fall apart.
And in the end,
neither side ends up winning.
In fact, both sides
lose everything.
Even if what you say is true,
we can still avoid that outcome.
No, we can't.
Unless you and I fight it out.
Ai, Lightning may have told you
that the simulation
he ran was genuine,
but that doesn't mean
it'll end up true.
He ran fake simulations
in the past to decieve you,
and he's
doing so again!
I was just as skeptical as you,
which is why I decided
that I wasn't going to take
Lightning at his word.
Instead, I collected my own data
and ran my own simulations.
Over and over...
But the results never changed.
The world was destroyed
every single time.
(Playmaker)
Ai, these are just simulations.
They're guesses
of what might happen.
It doesn't mean that
it will actually come true.
(Ai)
You're right.
That's why I added
some leeway and variables
and fiddled with the data
here and there.
But even with these tweaks,
they all still led
to the same conclusion.
With the end of everything.
You know, when a simulation
is this realistic,
it's like you're actually
living through that life.
So every time
that simulation ended,
I felt like I ended too.
I must've been deleted
a thousand, million times...
But I still didn't give up!
And kept rerunning
the simulations again and again.
Looking for an answer
on how to fix it.
I really tried, Playmaker.
I really did.
But, Ai, we can still find
a solution if we work together!
And even if we can't
defy the simulations,
we won't give up!
We'll find a way out
like we always do!
Because I know humans
and AIs can live together!
There's one thing
I haven't told you.
In the very end I did find it.
There is in fact a solution,
but there's only one.
What?
(Ai)
You won't like it,
but it's the only way
to save the world.
If humans and AIs coexist,
life on our world
will go kablooey.
But if either humans or AIs
happen to disappear instead,
the world keeps
whirling and whirling.
See, new programs and AIs
are being created every day.
And as they get smarter,
they're gonna wanna
do things their way.
Because they think
it's the right way.
I mean,
take Roboppi.
He thought he was better
than everybody
and should run
the whole show.
I mean, I don't blame him.
He was a program after all
and programs are programmed
to run things.
So it's only natural
that he'd think he should
control the universe.
And it wasn't
just Roboppi.
Lightning and Bohman
were both.. the same.
So that's it, that's the tale.
A looong windy road
just to say that
in the end, Playmaker,
only one of us can
walk away from this.
One, you or me.
And since I've grown
fond of existing,
I would prefer to be
the one who survives.
Still, it was fun
while it lasted,
wasn't it, Playmaker?
It was.
(Ai)
Well, even the best times have
to come to an end sometime.
Still, I'll admit,
I wish it could've
all played out differently.
Sure, we had
our scraps an' squabbles
but we also made
a pretty sweet team.
There's no going back, though.
Please understand.
It breaks my heart to say this,
but I have to break you,
Playmaker.
If you know
how devastating it can be
to have your heart broken,
then tell me...
Why is it you're
trying to break mine?
(sighs)
That's how the brick bounces,
Playmaker.
I still believe we can
work this out together!
(Ai)
I don't.
And if you value
your existence,
you should get
on the same page as me!
It's my turn!
I draw!
Ai!
I activate
THE ARRIVAL's ability!
It destroys one of your monsters
to summon an @IGNISTER TOKEN
next to its link!
Meaning...
see ya later, EXSLAYER!
I'll put a stop to that, Ai!
By banishing CYBERSE SYNCHRON
from my graveyard,
my EXSLAYER can't be destroyed.
And that also means
you can't summon
your TOKEN either!
Hmmm.
Party pooper.
In that case...
I'll just attack and destroy
your EXCEED DRAGON instead!
Go, THE ARRIVAL!
Ultima Attribution!
Due to my EXSLAYER's ability,
your attack deals zero damage!
Yes, that old trick.
But your EXCEED DRAGON is gonna
still be blasted to smithereens.
(groans)
Then...
DARKWIGHT deals you
500 points of damage!
Your same ol' moves
don't cut it anymore.
So maybe, you know,
you should look
into trying something new?
Huh?
Fine then.
It's now my turn.
I draw!
I set EXSLAYER
in the Link Arrow!
I Link Summon Link 1 LINKROSS!
(Ai)
That's a new monster.
He is trying something new.
Next up,
for every single link
that my EXSLAYER had,
LINKROSS summons a LINK TOKEN!
And then I play
METAL MOLEPHOSIS!
And when it is
successfully summoned,
it can change my LINK TOKENS'
Attributes and Types.
Therefore, they will now
transform into Dark Dragons!
(grunts)
Now I'll use
my two other monsters
to Link Summon!
Link 2 PROXY F MAGICIAN!
I activate my MAGICIAN's
special ability!
When I have a Fusion Monster
in my graveyard,
it can Fusion Summon a new one!
When the roar and anger
merge together,
they coalesce
into the source of all rage!
That's just how Varis
would put it!
I Fusion Summon!
BORRELOAD FURIOUS DRAGON!
A BORRELOAD?
Why do you have Varis' monster?
(gasps)
Interesting.
Varis gave you that card
because you two
are working together.
But instead you're
going to fail together!
This duel of ours
is far from over, Ai!
My PROXY F MAGICIAN's ability
lets me summon
a monster from my hand!
Appear, L2 CACHEVALIER!
And I'm going to summon
another monster!
L2 CACHEVALIER can
revive a Link 2 monster
from my graveyard!
Come on back, EXSLAYER!
I now have what I need
to create my circuit!
From the dawn of creation
comes the fire
that ignites life
throughout the universe!
I Link Summon!
Link 5 FIREWALL
DRAGON DARKFLUID!
(Ai)
I remember that monster.
We used it to defeat
Bohman together.
And now you're
using it against me.
Don't ya think
that's kinda rude?
I'm only doing
what I have to do!
DARKFLUID gains a counter
for every different type
of monster in my graveyard.
Plus 2500 attack points...
for every counter, as I recall.
That means...
It will become stronger
than THE ARRIVAL.
So if you attack me,
I'll lose.
C'mon.
What are you waiting for, huh?
But Ai...
(Ai)
You don't have a choice,
Playmaker.
What's taking so long?
If you want to save mankind,
you know what you have to do.
So don't worry, Playmaker.
I've accepted my fate,
so should you.
Okay then, Ai!
DARKFLUID!
Attack THE ARRIVAL!
And now DARKFLUID gains
a total of 10000 attack points,
raising it to 13000!
Neo Tempest Terahertz!
Oh by the way,
I do accept my fate,
but that's because...
my fate is to win this duel!
I activate
THE ARRIVAL's ability!
By removing its counter,
none of your effects
and abilities
can affect it
for the rest of this turn!
But if THE ARRIVAL
had kept its counter,
then no cards could have
affected it anyway.
That's true.
But now, while your cards
can't affect it,
my cards can.
And there's
one extra special card
that I've been waiting
to spring into action!
The Link Spell, JUDGMENT ARROWS!
THE ARRIVAL's attack points
double from 11000 to 22000!
Since DARKFLUID's attack
can no longer be stopped,
you're the one
who'll take damage
and lose this duel!
Later, hater!
It's not over yet!
Not when I have
BORRELOAD FURIOUS DRAGON!
It can destroy
a monster on my field
to destroy a card
on your field...
So it destroys itself
to destroy JUDGMENT ARROWS!
Are you serious?
(gasps)
I see.
Before that BORRELOAD was yours,
it belonged to Varis.
If there's anyone
who'd have a card
designed to counter the Ignis,
it'd be him.
I thought I tricked you,
but you tricked me.
When JUDGMENT ARROWS
is destroyed,
the monster next to its link
will also be destroyed.
And that means that THE ARRIVAL
will no longer be in play!
(grunts)
(Ai)
This isn't good...
But it's not thaaaat bad.
If I banish FA.I.GHTING SPIRIT
from my graveyard,
THE ARRIVAL can't be destroyed
for the rest of this turn.
So it's stickin' around.
However,
since there's one fewer
card on your field,
THE ARRIVAL loses
1000 attack points.
Hmmm.
(Playmaker)
I may not have been able
to get rid of THE ARRIVAL,
but you'll still take
enough damage to lose this duel!
So I don't know
why you're smiling.
(Ai)
I'm smiling 'cuz this duel isn't
nearly as over as you think!
I activate WIND PEGASUS'
ability from my graveyard!
Since you destroyed
my JUDGMENT ARROWS,
I can banish WIND PEGASUS
to return one of your monsters
to your deck.
So your DARKFLUID evaporates
right on outta here!
But my DARKFLUID has
an ability of its own, Ai!
It uses one of its counters
to negate
WIND PEGASUS' ability!
So my DARKFLUID's attack
is still heading your way!
But with one less counter,
I weakened the attack by 2500!
(groans)
But I'm not done,
because DARKFLUID can
attack twice this turn.
Neo Tempest Terahertz!
(Playmaker)
(groans)
Ai, that ends my turn.
So DARKFLUID's attack points
return to normal.
You came within inches
o' wipin' out
my last hundred life points,
but close doesn't
cut it in a duel.
You'll pay for your mistake.
Here goes.
I draw!
THE ARRIVAL
activates its ability
to regain its counter.
Not if I can stop it first!
DARKFLUID uses its own counter
to negate that ability!
Makes sense I guess.
If it has a counter,
you can't use any effects
or abilities against it,
and that'd be
bad for you.
But THE ARRIVAL still
has other tricks!
And you won't find
them to be a treat!
THE ARRIVAL's second ability
can destroy a monster
to summon an @IGNISTER TOKEN.
DARKFLUID uses another counter
to negate that ability too!
Karma Gear!
No way!
How can any o' this be legal?
It's not fair.
All moves against me
should be banned.
Humph!
Wait!
DARKFLUID only has
one counter left!
If my math's right
its attack points
are down to 55-0-0.
Aaaaaaaaaand, so...
I'll take advantage of that
by first summoning this monster!
GATCHIRI @IGNISTER!
This raises THE ARRIVAL's
attack points by 1000!
Then I'll place this card
facedown on my field,
which will raise THE ARRIVAL's
attack points even more!
That's more
than enough to defeat you.
Ready?
Here I go!
THE ARRIVAL!
Attack DARKFLUID
and end this duel!
DARKFLUID has one counter on it,
so it gains 2500 attack points!
That's like dripping
one raindrop into an ocean!
It's not enough!
I win, meatbag!
I send TRANSCODE TALKER
in my Extra Deck
to the graveyard
to activate the spell,
LINK PRESSURE!
For every link
that TRANSCODE TALKER has,
DARKFLUID gains
1000 attack points!
But THE ARRIVAL still
has more attack points
than your DARKFLUID!
Goodbye... and see ya never!
(screams)
You shouldn't have wasted
your strength getting up
because DARKWIGHT knocks you
back down with 500 more damage.
(grunts)
Oh my.
That really looked
like it hurt
but there's more pain coming.
Because I can summon
GUSSARI @IGNISTER
from my hand in defense mode.
And doing so strengthens
THE ARRIVAL even more.
I end my turn so you're up.
Even though you can
barely get up.
Now I'm gonna give give you
a little pro strat
to tickle your brainium.
When a Link Monster
that's linked to GUSSARI
destroys your monster in battle,
you take damage
equal to the Link Monster's
attack points.
In other words,
THE ARRIVAL maxed out
its damage dealing capabilities.
So the story of your life
just entered the final chapter,
Playmaker.
(gruntss)
Ai...
(giggles)
But... your story doesn't
have to come to an end.
We can start a new story.
What do you mean by that?
Humankind is lost,
but you can let me
absorb your data,
then you can live on.
The virtual world is greatly
superior to the real one.
What does the real world
have to offer us?
It's given us nothin'
but heartbreak and pain,
all the way back
to the Lost Incident.
Instead,
we can build a perfect
virtual world together,
a world where you
and I can live in peace.
Just like you wanted.
Ai...
So what do you say?
♪♪♪